Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

cutters directed by a man on dialysis in a cave fortress halfway around the world using
a satellite phone and a laptop directed the most sophisticated penetration of the most
heavily defended airspace in the world.
Overpowering the passengers and the military combat train pilots on four commercial aircraft
before flying those planes wildly off course for over an hour without being molested by
a single fighter interceptor.
These 19 hijackers, devout religious fundamentalists who like to drink alcohol snort cocaine and
live with pin-cared strippers, managed to knock down three buildings with two planes
in New York.
While in Washington, a pilot who couldn't handle a single-engine Cessna was able to
fly a 757 and an 8,000 foot descending 270 degree corkscrew turned to come exactly level
with the ground.
Hitting the Pentagon in the budget analyst office where DOD staffers were working on the
mystery of the $2.3 trillion the Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld had announced missing
from the Pentagon's coffers in a press conference the day before on September 10th, 2001.
Luckily, the news anchors knew who did it within minutes.
The pundits knew within hours.
The administration knew within the day terrorists who committed these acts and those who harbored
them.
And the evidence literally fell into the FBI's lap that a hijackers passport was found
blocks from the World Trade Center crash site if you can believe that.
But for some reason, a bunch of crazy conspiracy theorists demanded an investigation into the
greatest attack on American soil in history.
That investigation was delayed, underfunded, set up to fail, a conflict of interest, and
a cover-up from start to finish.
It was based on testimony extracted through torture, the records of which were destroyed.
It failed to mention the existence of WTC-7, Able Danger, P-Tech, Sibel Edmonds, OBL and
the CIA, and the drills of hijacked aircraft being flown into buildings that were being
simulated at the precise same time that those events were actually happening.
It was lied to by the Pentagon, the CIA, the Bush administration, and as for Bush and
Cheney, well, no one knows what they told it because they testified in secret, off the
record, not under oath, and behind closed doors.
They didn't bother to look at who funded the attacks because that question is ultimately
of little, practical significance.
Still the 9-11 Commission did brilliantly answering all of the questions the public had, except
most of the victim's family members' questions, and pinned blame on all the people responsible,
although no one so much has lost their job, determining the attacks were...
Failure of imagination.
Because...
I don't think the prior government that could envision flying airplanes in...

— END —
