Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-17, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

There's more.
In a recent episode, season 5, episode 6, a new side character appears, and in the first
two minutes of him appearing on the screen, he randomly says this.
Miriam Leibovitz.
I met her at a Benebreath Purim accountable.
They made it a point for him to say this.
Purim is a Jewish holiday, the celebration of killing the Amalek, the non-Jews, and
Benebreath is a Freemasonry organization that is specifically Jewish.
It was founded in New York City by 12 German Jewish Freemasons.
Beebe, Benebreath, has been called a covert intelligence front for the House of Rothschild,
and since its founding, it has gained major traction in the US government.
Simon Wolf was a Jewish lawyer, politician, a member of Beebe and other secret societies,
a close friend of Abraham Lincoln, and he was friends with John Wilkes Booth.
Simon had a meeting with John Wilkes Booth one afternoon, and that night, John murdered
Abraham Lincoln.
Simon was supposed to be at the theater too, but randomly decided not to go due to family
illness.
Simon Wolf had an uncanny resemblance to John, so much so that Simon was asked by painter
to stand in for Booth in a depiction of the assassination.
Simon said that he stayed home all night so that people didn't mistake him for John.
The bullet that killed Lincoln was never matched to Booth's gun, and no one witnessed him
firing the shot.
Booth was killed before he could testify, like Oswald, and keep in mind, John Wilkes Booth
was an actor.
In 1958, Beebe forced the US government to pass a law that prohibits American businesses
from boycotting isn't real.
Today, 38 states have laws that say you cannot boycott isn't real.
The key organizations pushing these laws are Binebreath, APAC, the Israeli American
Council, the American Jewish Committee, and the Anti-Defamation League.
Binebreath created the Anti-Defamation League, the ADL, because the president of the Binebreath
Atlanta murdered a little girl named Mary Fagan during Passover, and they said that
he was blamed due to anti-Semitism.
Leo was re-elected as president of Beebe Atlanta while in prison.
The ADL has since been caught illegally spying on Americans on behalf of Is It Real since
being free speech and threatened Americans who dare speak out against Israel's Zionism.
Binebreath has created other organizations, one being Halal, a college campus indoctrination
front, and a 2016 Halal worked with the Israeli government on the $66 million initiative
called Mosaic International to promote pro-Israel sentiment in the United States.
Halal has been funded by the Israeli Ministry of Diaspora Affairs for its work on US campuses,
but the money is re-routed to obscure government funding, which is a direct violation of FARA,
and in fact, Halal violates FARA more than APAC does.
Binebreath, like most re-masonic organizations, has youth groups, ACA and BBG are both a part
of them, and Mark Cuban and Adam Sandler were both members of ACA.
Hey Wiseman, the first president of Israel was president of the Manchester Binebreath
Lodge, and Binebreath was instrumental in the creation of Israel, the Rothschild-Balfour
Declaration, and they initiated the modernization of Hebrew in Jerusalem to create a false and
sexual claim to Palestine.
Sigmund Freud was in Binebreath, Austria, and presented his earliest ideas there, Sigmund,
the father of psychoanalysis, the Jewish guy who said that everyone wants to fuck their
parents.
This psychoanalysis, if I've ever heard one.

— END —
