Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

the name of a military base in Canada,
where they experimented on and took children
in the top secret government project
known as MK-Ultra in the 1960s.
Allegedly, it's called RCAF Station,
Lincoln Park in Calgary, Alberta.
Then you have Chester Bennington,
lead singer of the band, Lincoln Park,
who himself suffered abuse as a child
and was allegedly working on a documentary in 2017
called The Silent Children,
exposing the elites' true rings around the world.
Along with his good friend and lead singer
of audio slave, Chris Cornell,
who was also heavily involved in the project
and the investigations,
and happened to tragically take his own life in May 2017.
Exactly two months later, Chester takes his life in July 2017,
while investigating his friend's death,
both by apparent hanging.
Also involved in The Silent Children documentary
was world famous DJ Avicci,
who took his own life less than a year later in April 2018.
As well as, library chef and travel documentarian,
Anthony Bourdain, who you guessed it,
took his life just a few months later in June 2018.
Now this is John Podesta,
former White House Chief of Staff
to President Bill Clinton from 1998 to 2001,
who was rumored, highly rumored,
to be Chester Bennington's biological father
from sheer resemblance.
And I mean, I don't think anyone can deny
that they do look alike.
Podesta is in the files, like really in the files,
island visits and all.
With alleged leaked audio and videos of him online,
too disturbing to even show, it's on X.
This is the global symbol of PDF files,
as I'm covered by the FBI, called the B logo.
This is Lincoln Park's banned logo.
Were they trying to bring awareness to
and expose the alleged tr-ring rings
before their front man who had some insider insights
tragically passed?
And if you search any of this up,
it'll tell you it's just a conspiracy.
The documentary never existed,
and these tragic passings were all completely unrelated
to each other.
Well, isn't that something?

— END —
