Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

number is 99-0404. On September 8th, the day that Mitch Snow says that he saw
Erica Kirk and Cabot Phillips on Fort Wachuca, that plane goes from joint base
Andrews, out west, and then ends up at Fort Wachuca. And it flew there under a
call sign SAM-702. What SAM means is special air mission. The only people who
can approve or authorize or order a special air mission flight are the
president and the vice president. Wow. 30 days after Charlie Kirk is murdered,
there is a munitions production facility called AES, which is called
Accurate Energetic Systems. It's in eastern Tennessee. There's like virtually
nothing else out there. And what they do is they build explosives and they
deliver to, you know, like excavators and they also do contracts for the
government. The Department of Defense had placed a $440,000 order just ahead of
Charlie Kirk's death for a micro-explosive from AES. Well, two weeks after Charlie
Kirk is murdered, tons of people saw this where I'm like, oh, that was a
weaponized lavalier microphone that blew up. And that's what killed Charlie Kirk.
The thing went massively viral. Two weeks after that AES, this production facility
that delivered the micro-explosives to the DOD, satisfied the order, it explodes
October 30th, which is two weeks after I released this video about an explosive
killing Charlie Kirk. The day that this thing blows up, tail number 99-0404. The
plane almost exclusively used by the Department of War Secretary Pete
Hegsef. That morning, that plane left Joint Base Andrews and went to Fort
Ochuca. At the time that this thing was smoldering after it had just blown up,
the plane that Pete Hegsef almost exclusively uses detours on its way to
Joint Base Andrews to fly directly over the AES manufacturing facility that
satisfied a $440,000 micro-explosive order just ahead of Charlie Kirk's death,
which blew up two weeks after I said, hey, explosives killed Charlie Kirk and it
flew over this part of Eastern Tennessee where there's nothing else but this thing.
Everything exploded. Every employee on the inside died. 23,000 pounds of
explosives blew up, killing everybody inside. Everybody in that facility died.

— END —
