Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

of the towers collapsed onto the lower one.
The upper and lower sections should have mutually destroyed each other until all the
energy is dissipated and the system comes to arrest.
What could not have happened is this.
A little tiny chunk of the building can't possibly fall and crush the entire structure
below it.
This is such a simple fundamental concept that architects and engineers were astonished
in seeing it totally ignored by NIST.
This is high school physics and our whole society is being led to believe that these
fundamental laws of physics, hard science, don't apply anymore.
But even if we assumed that the top section of the tower had enough potential energy
to destroy the rest of the structure below, it could not have done so at the speed it
did, which was near free fall speed.
That would have violated an even more important principle in physics, known as the law of
momentum conservation.
This law states that the total energy within an isolated system must always remain the
same.
As we have seen, the energy can be transformed within the system, from motion to physical
deformation.
But for the deformation to begin, the velocity must decrease in order for one kind of energy
to be transformed into the other.
No new energy can be added to the system.
One particular example of momentum conservation is free fall.
Free fall happens when the only force applied on an object is gravity.
This means that all the potential energy contained by the object is converted into vertical
motion.
As soon as the falling object hits an obstacle and breakage occurs, the speed must decrease
because some of its energy needs now to be converted into physical breakage.
It takes energy to break things apart and that energy must come from within the system.
Thus, the falling rock cannot keep falling at free fall speed and break apart at the
same time because it doesn't have enough energy to do both.
Let's go now to the twin towers and ask a simple question.
Assuming that the top section on the left contains enough potential energy to destroy
the rest of the tower and assuming we dropped both upper sections at the same time, which
one would hit the ground first.
It would be the second, of course.
As it finds no obstacles in its path, the section on the right would quickly accelerate
the free fall speed and maintain it all the way to the ground.
The section on the left instead needs to use some of its energy to destroy the structure
below so it could never achieve free fall speed.
In the case of the twin towers, however, both upper sections fell with an acceleration
close to free fall speed as if their path had been practically free from obstacles.
It took each tower between 10 and 12 seconds to collapse to the ground while an absolute
free fall time would have been 9.2 seconds.

— END —
