Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

As you first start fooling around on the internet back in the day, particularly on social media
and online shopping platforms, there have been private data companies building an individual
profile on you to sell to advertisers and corporations like Oracle who build regional
and market specific algorithms based on consumer data.
And guess what?
You're the consumer pal.
For a long time, this could have been seen as all fun and games.
You buy a poolside basketball hoop on Amazon one day and then get served a whole gang of
LeBron James highlights the next.
It was chill.
But now it's getting freaking scary.
Three days ago, on March 18th, 2026, FBI Director Cash Patel sat before the Senate Intelligence
Committee and confirmed, under oath, that the FBI is actively purchasing Americans'
data in bulk from these same private data companies who'd worked in the ad space before
to create domestic profiles on American shoppers.
And what these data brokers have is a full dossier built from your entire digital footprint
from your first MySpace profile in fourth grade to whatever the frick you're doing
online right now.
MySpace, to me and many other people, is seen as a bit concerning.
You know, why does the FBI want all of our data?
Are they developing some kind of dissident database to map and classify people who speak
out against the federal government?
Or maybe uncomfortable with the Epstein class forcing Americans to fight a war on behalf
of a country that's bought and blackmailed its way into our political and media establishment
with the sole purpose of manufacturing consent to expand their colonial project?
I don't know.
Hard to say.
But I do know this.
Obviously, keeping track of dissent in a country this large would have been a huge undertaking.
But now, with powerful AI tools, it's not super hard for federal bodies like the FBI,
ICE or CBP to do that, especially after Palantir, Peter Thiel's super chill company, had just
formalized a $1.3 billion deal with the Pentagon, establishing Palantir as the default core
AI system across all branches of the military and federal government.
So that's where we're at.
Pete Haggsest can build a big old cracker barrel in Damascus in 2050, and the edge of
death, dinosaur humans making these calls for us right now won't even be around for
the ribbon cutting ceremony.
But I will channel five.

— END —
