this exact scenario and would respond in about 30 minutes to an hour. It took them 8 to 12
plus hours before being able to respond. It's important to understand the context of what was
going on at that time. There's the largest domestic protest in Israeli history because
BB basically said I don't have to listen to the Supreme Court. BB was also facing corruption
charges at the time because he was taking bribery, etc. So not only is it advantageous
politically for BB to have this distraction and have people rally behind the flag like in 9-11,
but also they have a pretext to destroy Gaza and start to enact a greater Israel project
which is a patch on the IDF uniform. Let's talk about it. As of May 2025, they dropped 100,000
tons of explosives, which is eight Hiroshima's on a place the size of Milwaukee, Wisconsin.
And the very minimum 72,000 confirmed killed 70 percent of more women and children,
1,000 medical workers, 300 journalists, and the largest number of pediatric amputees ever,
4,000 plus, that's disgusting. 60 percent of homes are destroyed, 80 percent of commercial
buildings, 120 schools destroyed and 300 more damage, 30 out of the 36 hospitals were destroyed,
and 89 percent of the water infrastructure was destroyed. 95 percent of the population was
without sufficient water, and there was multiple months of famine.
Here's a fun one. The IDF was rounding up all the men and boys, some of which were Hamas,
some of which were. They were caught on camera torturing and sexually assaulting them.
The states were outraged by this, they required action, so nine of them were facing charges.
Then protests broke out from the IDF to actually do this to their prisoners of war.
March of 2026, BB said it was a blood libel, the fact that they were charged. Jonathan Pollard,
in 1984, sold secrets to Israel as part of our US military, who's given a 30-year sentence he
was able to truncate it, live out the rest of his days in Israel.
He later went on to tell all Jews to do the same as he did.
Tom Alexander, which was one of the top cybersecurity Israeli officials, and then in a
black-hat conference in Vegas, he was a part of an FBI state for pedophilia.
They let him go, he flew back to Israel, and he showed off for his trial with a camera that was
off in a Zoom meeting. Since 1946, we've given them $300 billion, and we have 3.8 billion promise
until 2028. It's been policy annually since Bush, Obama, Trump, Biden, Trump, 2.0. They have
universal healthcare, free K through 12 education, 3,000-year tuition, and social safety nuts like
free childcare and pension. In the 2024 election cycle, Israel lobby spent about 300 to 400 million
dollars on candid. APAC funded 389 out of the 469 seats in Congress. Spent $15 million in one
race, Jamal Bowman, because he was an avid critic of the war in Gaza. That's just APAC, but there
are 23 and probably more packs in 501c non-profits that do the exact same thing. Out of those 23,
you can estimate about 500 million to a billion dollars annually is spent on advocating for Israel,
not to mention individual donors like the Adelson family, $120 million to Trump in 2024.
Her son Sheldon Adelson said that his biggest regret was serving in the US military instead of
the IDF. These are all not to pay for campaigns. You have policy think tanks. You have educational
trips that go kiss the wall. You have things that are policing speech and looking for anti-Semitism.
You have IDF support, and by the way, you get a tax break if you donate to the IDF. The pipeline
goes APAC elects, the educational fund winds and dines, the ADL monitors, and then they vote on
policy, which 38 states have anti-BDS, meaning that you cannot boycott legally government contracts to
Israel, as well as the Noahive laws, which just make everything that I just said illegal.
To court our best friend, Jesus Christ has no advantage over Genghis Khan because if you
are strong enough, ruthless enough, powerful enough, evil will always overcome good.
