probably have never heard of him.
But if you were anywhere near a computer in the 2000s,
you could not help but see his name.
In 1986, McAfee learned about the very first computer virus.
And like everything else in McAfee's life,
he was always looking two steps ahead.
McAfee created the very first commercial anti-virus software.
By 2010, he was an $80 million tech pioneer.
And back then, that was like Zuckerberg's status.
He was one of the first tech oligarchs.
Something clicked in him, making him believe
he could create a world-changing antibiotic.
He hired a team of elite microbiologists
and built a jungle laboratory in Belize.
But what he didn't realize was the stranglehold
that Israel has on most of the world.
It is especially the country of Belize.
Their country gets all of their weapons,
spy tech and military training only from Israel.
An Israeli trained SWAT team rated his laboratory
after he refused to pay millions of dollars
to certain politicians.
They destroyed the lab, shot his dog,
and then framed him as this drug kingpin.
Like a frickin' tech oligarch needs to start selling meth.
He went to war.
He got a handful of beautiful Belizean women
to court 75 low-level politicians.
These women were able to gift these politicians
with laptops.
Every laptop was bugged.
Now McAfee had blackmail that the world would never believe.
He was forced to flee Belize.
He spent eight years in international waters
while attempting to board a flight to Turkey
who's captured by Interpol.
A bogus US tax evasion warrant popped up.
He was said to be extradited to the US.
He was sent there, it was a death sentence.
He got a tattoo of whacked on his arm,
stating, if they ever say I oft myself,
do not believe it.
His wife even tweeted, begging the US people to help
because she knew the government was trying to get him.
Five days after that tweet,
they found McAfee hung in his jail cell.
McAfee was making phone calls earlier that day,
calling his wife, telling her,
I love you, I'll call you in the evening,
working on his appeal.
McAfee tweeted that he had 31 terabytes of this blackmail
in a condo at a certain address
than 24 hours after his death.
That massive condo building collapses out of nowhere.
A huge condo residence falls in Florida.
Who takes control of ground zero?
Israeli defense force.
Engineers were waiting for the green light
to get their own hands on the remains of this building.
Less than three weeks later, local officials
blew up the rest of the building.
