Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

worse, like potential Epstein ties worse. The story starts with the Corcoran group. Corcoran
group is a luxury real estate company out of New York City. Frankly, the entire Corcoran group
company should be under fire right now for the ways in which it appears in the Epstein files.
First and foremost, Lynn Rothschild, who is obviously in the Epstein files a lot,
she is allegedly who introduced Jeffrey to both Prince Andrew and Alan Dorsovich.
Alan is the one who helps Jeffrey swing the sweetheart deal of 2008 in the files.
Lynn is listed as the president of the Corcoran group. A notable problem with this is that the
CEO and president of the Corcoran group, since 2000, has been a woman named Pamela
Leibman. Pamela is also in the files. After Epstein got out of prison in 2010, at this point,
we all know he is a child predator and a piece of shit human being. So at best, it is an interesting
business choice for Corcoran to be working with him at all. Specifically, Pamela goes back and
forth with a mortgage broker regarding an NDA for Epstein's 91st street house. The notorious
infamous house in New York City, you sent between Pamela and the broker, then from Pamela to a
redacted name and from the redacted name to Jeffrey. That is not a small detail. Fast forward to 2018,
October, Erica Kirk begins working for Corcoran group. She is indicated online as working at the
Corcoran office two miles away from headquarters where Pamela works. Simultaneous to, I guess,
getting her real estate license because she was not a real estate agent prior to beginning
working for Corcoran. Erica was also getting her masters at Liberty University, but also in 2018.
In the early summer is when Summer House was filmed, the dating show, even though Erica says
she'd never dated between 2013 and 2018, which we know is categorically untrue. The only year I
cannot find her with a boyfriend via her own online footprint is 2013. She goes on Summer House,
applies her the job at turning point in August of 2018, has her interview first date with Charlie
in September and begins working October with the Corcoran group. That's a crazy fucking summer
and fall. Even though Erica still shows up as an active employee of Corcoran group, there is zero
indication that I could find that this woman ever sold a single house. When you combine this with
the fact that she, by her own accounts, was basically recruited by Trump's hadgents,
you have the Romania Angel situation and the local people accusing this organization that
she was at the helm of kidnapping and trafficking children. She is randomly in a 2015 CIA documentary
with the director of the CIA. She's contradicted other TPUSA people's accounts of September 10th.
Her alibis have not lined up. She has accused anyone questioning the narrative the FBI is telling
us about how Charlie died of a sickness of the mind. At what point do we stop calling these
coincidences and acknowledge the fact that this is a pattern? Mind you, all I've pointed out are
discrepancies in her own self-reporting of her life. I haven't even touched on the discrepancies
of the actual case surrounding Charlie's murder. The miracle bullet that for whatever reason didn't
go through his neck. The five different DNA sets found on Tyler's gun. The fact that there's footage
of Tyler running off the roof, but there isn't footage 15 seconds prior of him pulling trigger
or disassembling his gun and stuffing it back in his backpack. But I'll say is this. Jeffrey
Epstein had to get the children that he mutilated, tortured, abused, raped, murdered, ate from somewhere.
And I just wonder if a certain woman who has flown into power fame and fortune in the wake
of her husband's death might have some answers.

— END —
