Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-13, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

Spadario Amade and his sister Daniela, who both worked on safety at the company, and
accused them of plotting a coup.
Altman told them that he had this on good authority from a senior executive, so Daniela
brought in the executive, who denied having said anything of the sort.
Then Altman insisted to all of them, he'd never made the accusation in the first place.
Daniela lost it, and replied, quote, you just said that.
Later, Altman apologized to the executive, saying he'd just wanted Daniela to stop yelling
and said the first name that came to mind.
Altman says he accused them only of political activity, and the rest isn't quite how he
remembers it.
This is just one small example of a pattern of alleged deceptions documented in our new
investigation, which you can read in the New Yorker.
Some senior executives at Microsoft, one of OpenAI's major partners, said, as one put
it, that Altman has, quote, misrepresented, distorted, renegotiated, reneged on agreements.
One recent example, an OpenAI deal with Amazon that Microsoft executives say may conflict
with an exclusivity agreement.
That senior exec added, quote, I think there's a small but real chance he's eventually remembered
as a Bernie Madoff or a Sam Bankman-free level scammer.
Some government officials told us they came to distrust Altman.
In one meeting, he told intelligence officials China had launched an AGI Manhattan Project,
and that the government had to give OpenAI billions to compete.
Pressed for evidence, he said, I've heard things.
He promised to follow up, and never did.
An official concluded, quote, it was just being used as a sales pitch.
Altman says he doesn't recall describing Beijing's efforts exactly that way.
It turns out these complaints go way back.
At looped his first startup, he told colleagues he was a champion ping pong player, according
to one of them.
Before turning out to be one of the worst players in the office, Altman says he was
probably joking.
At Y Combinator, a startup incubator that Altman ran after that, colleagues remembered
YC's founder saying, quote, Sam had been lying to us all the time.
One fellow Y Combinator founder, a programmer named Aaron Schwartz, not long before his
suicide in 2013, had told a friend, quote, Sam can never be trusted.
He is a sociopath.
He would do anything.
At OpenAI, in late 2022, Altman assured the board that features of a model had been approved
by a safety panel.
Board member Helen Toner requested documentation, and found the most controversial ones had
not been approved.
The next year, he told OpenAI's CTO Mira Marathi that a subsequent version of chat
GPT didn't need a safety review according to the company's general counsel.
When she checked, the general counsel said, quote, of confused where Sam got that impression.
The board fired Altman.
When they pressed him to admit that there was a pattern of deception, he replied, according
to people on the call, quote, I can't change my personality.
Read much more in my full investigation.

— END —
