5. Operation Paperclip is where we recruited 1600 German scientists, some of which explicitly
Nazis, one of which one of Rembrandt started NASA, which on his tombstone has a quote about
the Fermament. Weird, that's flat earth. Operation Shamrock was 30 years of domestic
surveillance, which apparently stopped in 1975, the same time as the Church Committee.
1950s, Operation Bluebird, which is the first mind control study, this is basically on the
defense. How do we stop our prisoners of war for being taken advantage of when they're captured?
That quickly moved to Operation Artichoke, which is the offensive. They recently released
like seven extra documents that showed that they were aiming it domestically via food,
drinks, cigarettes, and yes. We have HT Lingual, which was opening of photography and mail that
had anything to do with foreign nations. That's pretty illegal. We also have MK Naomi, which
is the first biological weapons testing. 1953, the big one, MK Ultra. That was 150 cell
projects underneath MK Ultra, which included LSD, hypnosis, sensory deprivation, isolation,
verbal and sexual abuse, electroshock, and psychological manipulation. This was used in
the unibonter case for 50, 90, 62. He went to Harvard at 16. He was a genius. He studied
in this program for three years, experiencing an abuse and LSD for psychological manipulation.
He then wrote 35,000 word manifesto about how technology was going to destroy humanity
and slave the population, talked about AI, central bank, digital currency, all that shit.
Obviously he went on to go bomb these universities, the Unabomber, because they had technology
that was being researched. Charles Manson, 1967 to 69, chaos by Tom O'Neill goes in a
really great 20 years of research about how he was tied to MK Ultra, but Jolly West operated
out of a safe house and did a lot of MK Ultra experiments out of that. Manson and his followers
frequently went to that safe house that he was then arrested and released like a dozen
times by his parole officer, whereas parole officer was citing that there was higher levels
of influence letting him go. They were responsible for a bunch of murders, and they wrote on the
walls in their blood, war, death to pigs, and helter scalter, which was to discredit the
anti-war movement and also helter scalter at the time was used to try to incite race
violence. Co-Intel Pro was an FBI infiltration and discrediting program that aimed at political
movements. MLK Jr, anti-war hippies, black panthers, feminism, you name it, they were
there. They were informants, they were an IRS harassment to these people in these groups,
there was prosecutions that were faulty, and there was violence clearly. There was even
an FBI letter sent to MLK telling him to off himself.
In the 60s through the 70s, you have MK search, MK often, MK chick, wit and stargate. MKs were
basically subsets of MK ultra, but there was investigations of new drugs, occult rituals,
yes, for applications on behavior, alteration, and telepathy and shit like that. You also
then have remote viewing with Ingo Swan, Hal Putoff, they did like the Mars 1984 session,
you have Soviet planes and nukes that he's able to see from across the world, and some
guy claimed that he had information on 150 plus targets that he had no way else of getting
that information outside of remote viewing.
1962 Operation Northwoods, a false flag plan to attack on US soil in Miami, Washington,
D.C. in order to go to war with Cuba. At this time, there was also a bunch of plans
for CIA assassinations, Fidel Castro, exploding cigar was one of them, you had other leaders
in the Congo, Dominican Republic, South Vietnam that were targets of this program.
1964, it actually worked, Gulf of Tonkin, this is where we...
