anti-gravity researcher who grew up in Huntsville, Alabama, where her father worked as a plasma
fusion propulsion engineer at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center. She claims her father,
Richard Escrowidge, is one of five known by the NSA to have independently discovered anti-gravity.
During her last interview, she said, disclosure is going to come out of Huntsville, Alabama,
out of Redstone Arsenal. Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama is the biggest deal that
you've never heard of. Now the rumor is, without going into too much detail, is that Warner
von Braun, head of the German Nazi rocket program and other German scientists, set up
shop there in the late 40s and early 50s, which is what we know today as Operation Paperclip.
Many believe the German scientist figured out zero-point energy and even made a craft called
A.K.A. the Bell. And it just so happens to be that Trump decided to move the space force to
Redstone Arsenal in Huntsville, Alabama. Months before she died, she was talking about this in
a text message. She said she went to the dentist and they pulled up her insurance and it said she
worked for a tech company in Israel. She believes that the Israelis were trying to access her
dental records. Soon after, she said she met a guy for the first time and let her know a bunch
of people have been watching her for a very long time. He ended up telling her some of her private
information about her life to prove his point. She said he ended with telling her she has something
between her L3 and L4 vertebrae. She then requested her old medical records after and there was
something actually there that she didn't know of before and the doctor didn't even know about.
She claimed she did a background check on the man that came up to her and he was an Israeli.
He had multiple vice president positions at multiple shell companies owned by George Soros
and all of those companies shared the same street address as the office for the Soros Fund
Management Office in New York, even down to the same suite number. Also, while she was working
on her computer, she believed she was shot by a direct energy weapon through her window.
She took a picture of her hands and the window she was sitting in front of and the burns lined up
perfectly with the table she was sitting at and the window had an outline around her head.
In the text messages, she said quote unquote, getting hit with military grade sci-fi weapons
is pretty tiresome. She talked about how she came home and all of her panties were on the ground,
nothing else, just her panties. And that she was even having voices in her head telling her to
take her own life. She claims also the voices were telling her to head over to the barn in her
yard at night and this would happen multiple times throughout the week. They were trying to
lure her outside and possibly set up a suicide. Other scientists she worked with claimed they
had the same thoughts in their head to end it all, but they would always tell her to fight through
it and don't give in. That's not what you're actually thinking.
