Source: reel.webm
Audio: opus 48kHz stereo extracted to 16kHz mono WAV
Transcribed: 2026-05-14, openai-whisper base.en

— FULL TEXT —

to war 58,000 casualties. Operation Chaos CIA domestic surveillance on anti-war
movements basically to discredit the hippies that were protesting the
Vietnam War Project Minaret which is NSA watch list monitoring the
communications of people who were engaged in political actions. 1950s and 1970s got
Operation Mockingbird because yeah that's what it ended but the CIA
recruited journalists for propaganda use and had 400 cited assets but the New York
Times even lied on that saying they had 800 trying to defuse the blame. Then the
CIA goes out and meets with filmmakers Steven Spielberg it's around that time
1969 he directed the moon landing and then you have Hollywood influence
trying to recruit people. This is where you get like the James Bond movies
zero dark 30s. These are just trying to make CIA and like special operations look
cool to get recruitment up. It also is trying to like take out information so
you don't think that they're doing all this crazy shit. Had a throw my boy Mike
Benson here with the censorship industrial complex because it never stopped.
Governments are not working with non-governmental organizations and tech
companies to do algorithmic and self-moderation. I'll never fucking stop
you'll never get me to shut the fuck up. So now it's kind of moved to like private
companies again these non-governmental organizations instead of the CIA. So
they're using ad sped to drive a lot of this which last year 40 billion dollars
were spent on drug ads in the US which we are one of two countries including
New Zealand to be able to even do that legally. 25% of those ads on the news are
drug ads and then that's where most of this 40 billion dollars of spent is on
the news. That's why it's brought to you by Pfizer. All to usher in the rules
based international order which is the whole of society that Mike Ben cites and
it's basically the world economic forum the CDC all these globalists getting
together to try to control the narrative. The latest being short-term pain for
long-term gain Iran propaganda. Now 1975 which is the church committee how many
of you know what that is this is where the CIA got caught this is why we know
all of this shit so this is how you start to get figures like Epstein because
they can't just do it anymore they have to go through shady assets to like actually
get this shit done because they don't stop. This is proven through Iran Contra
in 1985 to 1987 which essentially where the CIA threw a back channel via
Epstein and Khashoggi who introduces him to Robert Maxwell Gellane Maxwell's dad
also the person who threw the Rothschilds buys McGraw Hill in 79 and is responsible
for your textbooks by the way they take a back channel to sell the weapons to
Israel which then they go to Iran this happened during Nixon as well as Reagan
and this essentially like starts to thrust forward terrorist cells that we
are fighting today. Now one of the worst ones on here is 1950 to 1990s
Operation Gladios paramilitary groups are stationed across the globe
specifically really bad in Italy but they performed assassinations coups and
false flags and bombings massacres literally over 150 civilians killed
including a three year old. A three year old dude. 2001 was the Patriot Act it
was 9-11 which might have been a false flag to get us in the Middle East but
Assange pointed out that while we were in the Middle East through the
WikiLeaks that we were doing war crimes killing Afghanistan civilians torturing
14 year olds in Guantanamo Bay we have cyberback doors proven with Snowden in
2017 into everybody's phone electric vehicles and Snowden showed us that the
NSA pointed our surveillance system on the domestic population listening in on
all of our conversations and collecting data on Americans. That seems normal
the talented. Then introduce the Twitter files you got Epstein you got UAPs you
got COVID and my favorite probably what's going on right now

— END —
